Improve warnings docs (#6366)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/warnings.rst

    def test_global():
        pytest.deprecated_call(myfunction, 17)

> You can also use it as a contextmanager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use it as a context manager:
```

.. code-block:: python

    def test_global():
        with pytest.deprecated_call():
            myobject.deprecated_method()

By default, ``DeprecationWarning`` and ``PendingDeprecationWarning`` will not be
caught when using :ref:`pytest.warns <warns>` or :ref:`recwarn <recwarn>` because

> default Python warnings filters hide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default Python warnings filters hide
```
